CH8527 | Update The Pennylane Demos Landing Page (#328)
PennyLaneAI/qml: demos_quantum-chemistry.rst

 .. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

> Quantum Chemistry
> ============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantum Chemistry
=================
```

.. meta::

>    :property="og:description": Implementations of the latest cutting-edge ideas and research from quantum machine learning using PennyLane.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :property="og:description": Explore and master quantum algorithms for quantum chemistry.
```

>    :property="og:image": https://pennylane.ai/qml/_static/demos_card.png

Reviewer: We should:

- Update the metadata description to be more specific to quantum chemistry
- Add an intro paragraph introducing quantum chemistry at the top of the page, as we do on the other demo categories.

@ixfoduap, any preferences for the content?

Reviewer 2: Intro paragraph:

Quantum chemistry is one the leading application areas of quantum computers. Master how to use PennyLane to construct molecular Hamiltonians, design quantum circuits for quantum chemistry, and simulate properties of molecules and materials.

> 

Reviewer 2: Order here should be:

-Building molecular Hamiltonians
- A brief overview of VQE
- Givens rotations for quantum chemistry
- Modelling chemical reactions on a quantum computer
- Optimization of molecular geometries
- VQE in different spin sectors
- Measurement optimization
- VQE with parallel QPUs on Rigetti Forest

Author: What about "The Variational Quantum Thermalizer" and "Adaptive circuits for quantum chemistry"?
<img width="1269" alt="Screen Shot 2021-09-17 at 4 55 08 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8475900/133852546-5417a24d-b112-4253-8b51-ab1e4e8baf5b.png">

Reviewer 2: The variational thermalizer should be removed from here and used only in the optimization folder.

The adaptive circuits one is new, which is why we missed it. Great catch! It can go between Givens rotations and modelling reactions. So the order is

Building molecular Hamiltonians
A brief overview of VQE
Givens rotations for quantum chemistry
Adaptive circuits for quantum chemistry
Modelling chemical reactions on a quantum computer
Optimization of molecular geometries
VQE in different spin sectors
Measurement optimization
VQE with parallel QPUs on Rigetti Forest

    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_vqe_parallel`
    :tags: chemistry

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: VQE in different spin sectors
    :figure: demonstrations/vqe_spin_sectors/thumbnail_spectra_h2.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_vqe_spin_sectors`
    :tags: chemistry

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Discover the building blocks of quantum circuits for quantum chemistry
    :figure: demonstrations/givens_rotations/Givens_rotations.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_givens_rotations`
    :tags: chemistry

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Study chemical reactions using VQE.
    :figure: demonstrations/vqe_bond_dissociation/reaction.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_chemical_reactions`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Learn about the variational quantum thermalizer algorithm, an extension of VQE.
    :figure: demonstrations/vqt/thumbnail.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_vqt`
    :tags: chemistry

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: VQE optimization using quantum natural gradient.
    :figure: demonstrations/vqe_qng/vqe_qng_thumbnail.png
    :description: :doc:`demos/tutorial_vqe_qng`

>     :tags: chemistry

Reviewer: These ones I believe should be moved to the `Optimization` page, based on the latest google doc
